Frances Crawford & Yunte Lee  
afc2170 & jyl2199  
	This project produces algorithmic composition of nature sounds. The user can select from a list of nature sound recordings including rain, ocean waves, forest sounds, birds chirping, and more. The sound gets processed and the main frequencies are extracted and used to train multiple Markov chains. These Markov chains are then used to slowly shift and evolve these sounds, into a final result that is melodic but inspired by the sounds. Contrary to lab 4 with one Markov chain, there would be multiple to ensure that all levels of the sounds are captured, and the goal would be for the sound to evolve slowly from a natural sound to a song. There could also be an option for the user to add other instruments to the sound, such as drums or bass, so that they could compose their own algorithmically generated nature-inspired song.   
	We plan to implement 3 separate Markov chains, and make each instrument its own chain as well if they are added. The 3 distinct Markov chains would be for pitch, timing, and texture to add complexity, along with the instrumental chains that are optionally added. We plan to interpolate between the nature and generated sounds, with randomness and entropy increasing as the sound continues. We want to add a lot of interaction with the user, not just them adding the instrumental chains. Potentially there could be a slider for the user to control entropy or melody. We also want to add a visualization that is able to show the entropy of the sound generation.